From:michelle.williams@enron.com

To:patricia.brown@enron.com

Subject:Changes: Monthly Close Process Overview Training

Cc:

Bcc:

Date:Mon, 22 Oct 2001 06:29:43 -0700 (PDT)

Please note that the Wednesday class has been moved to EB49C2 and will now start at 9:30am. Both London and Omaha will be videoconferencing in at their request. Please remember to sign up through the web page. There are several spots still available in the first two classes. I anticipate that the 8am class tomorrow morning will be over in plenty of time to attend the All Employee Meeting.

Thanks.

Michelle

-----Original Message-----

From: Tax Solutions Team

Sent: 16 October 2001 19:11

To: DL-Tax Information System Users

Subject: Monthly Close Process Overview Training

Monthly Close Process Overview

3 class times available

Tues, Oct. 23 8:00 a.m. EB1701

Tues, Oct. 23 1:30 p.m. EB1701

Wed, Oct. 24 9:30 a.m. EB49C2

This course will offer an overview of the 14 workday monthly close process including specific discussions on general ledger close, topside close, roll forward, and on-going analysis and maintenance. Frequently asked questions that should be answered after this course include:

What are the different systems that we use (SAP, ECCS, TIS, Hyperion, Tax Data Warehouse, Corptax, TKS)?

How do I read the close schedule that the TST sends out every month?

When are final pre-tax SAP reports available for viewing?

What is the deadline for writing DARS rules?

What is a topside entry?

What posting level should I use when writing a report out of ECCS?

And many others...

Two additional classes will be offered soon discussing the specific TIS activities that occur on the 8th workday (general ledger close) and the 10th and 12th workdays (topside close). Watch your email for notification of course times.

All members of the MARC and BAR teams are encouraged to attend. All three classes will cover identical material, so attendance is only necessary at one class. Please arrive 10 minutes early to allow time to sign in and obtain materials. Classes will start promptly at the time indicated above.

Please sign up through the October training calendar on the tax web page at

Classes are limited to 35 attendees.

