From:acostamargaret@rodriguez.com

To:evan.oconnell@enron.com

Subject:V-Workshops Newsletter-Volume IV

Cc:

Bcc:

Date:Tue, 22 Jan 2002 10:41:19 -0800 (PST)

Virtual Workshops, Inc.. WEB EVENTS WITH VIRTUAL WORKSHOPS. Volume IV January 2002 ...... in this issue .. "Dealer Training With Archives" "Plan Now for Future Training" "15 Minute Sales Idea of the Week" "Dealer Training With Archives". [IMAGE] Keeping your Dealer Network informed is always a communication challenge. Even when you hold meetings not everyone can attend. When you hold a Web Event you can now archive it and make it available for the non-attendees to view when they have time or when it's an important issue for them. Web Events are a great way to share the news in a quick and cost effective way. And now that you can record these events, they can be made available to the complete network on a 24-7 basis. Want to learn more about Archiving your web event? Click below to contact us. Contact Us ? "Plan Now for Future Training". Training budgets are never big enough. And in tight economic times, it is one of the first items to get cut. But smart training managers recognize the value of training and they know that management will see its value at some future date. So if there is no budget to do training, it gives you a great opportunity to plan for the future. Your experience and knowledge can be put to work preparing for what you know will be needed down the road. Think out into the future. What will be needed? What subjects should I be preparing? How can we bet deliver it? What tools could I use? If you haven't considered a web event and you have team members in multiple locations, maybe a web event is the solution. Learn More ? "15 Minute Sales Idea of the Week". Everyone agrees sales training is important, but getting it done is always a challenge. A massive assessment followed by classes takes manpower and money. Great idea, but in the real world these resources aren't always available. A quick and easy way to train is the "Sales Idea of the Week." Sales teams learn new techniques and methods of succeeding on their own. As the Sales Manager, you know when one of your team tries something new or different and it works. Gather the team together for just 15 minutes each week to share these successes. But really keep it to 15 minutes, just the high points, because sales reps hate meetings. Use a telephone conference or if pictures and data are important, do a quick web event.

To learn how, click below: Contact Us ? [IMAGE] .. [IMAGE] ..... Take Me To... "Technology Update" "In The Biz" "Contact Us" www.v-workshops.com ... Join our mailing list! . email: acostamargaret@rodriguez.com voice: 877.VW.INTRO web: V-workshops.com.

This email was sent to

, at your request, by Virtual Workshops, Inc.. Visit our Subscription Center to edit your interests or unsubscribe .

View our privacy policy. Powered by Constant Contact .

