From:connie.wilkinson@enron.com

To:jesse.harvey@enron.com

Subject:RE: Requested training by Ewing in Denver

Cc:

Bcc:

Date:Mon, 19 Nov 2001 07:23:16 -0800 (PST)

Lynn, the training went well. We covered the following topics:

- 8 a.m. true up process and how to avoid mistakes or invalid codes

- Winter Power Pak agreement and true up process

- Information about realigning their Demarc and Beatrice volumes

- Differences between Demarc and Mid 17 Pool

- Addressed EDI issues (will discuss with Tara Lynn to resolve)

- Identifying cuts and utilizing the "Detect" tool in TMS

- Also discussed Powertex and Pinnacle power plants since Ewing operates SPS

- Discussed how and when path rankings come into play and how to avoid cutting their long term deals versus their daily gas

These were just a few of the topics I can think of off the top of my head, but overall I think the meeting was a success from an NNG and Ewing standpoint. Let me know if you need anymore information. Thanks.

Randy

-----Original Message-----

From: Blair, Lynn

Sent: Friday, November 16, 2001 4:41 PM

To: Cross, Michael; Williams, John; Bryan, Randy

Cc: Thomas, John

Subject: RE: Requested training by Ewing in Denver

Michael and Randy, how did the traning go? Thanks. Lynn

-----Original Message-----

From: Cross, Michael

Sent: Monday, October 29, 2001 2:04 PM

To: Williams, John; Blair, Lynn; Floyd, Karen; Bryan, Randy

Cc: Thomas, John

Subject: Requested training by Ewing in Denver

Importance: High

Hello,

Ewing has requested that we provide an afternoon of training at their offices in Denver (similar to last year). The training would go from 12:00 PM - 4:30 PM on 11/15/01 and would cover any nomination/scheduling questions they have. Ewing has also asked to have someone there to specifically address capacity release and the final AM true-up process.

Please let me know who you would recommend as representatives from NNG. I would like to get back to Ewing by this Thursday regarding our attendees.

Michael Cross

