From:matthew.weaver@enron.com

To:sarah.brewer@enron.com, mary.collins@enron.com, stephen.arnold@enron.com,taylor.baker@enron.com, jennifer.randolph@enron.com, sherry.hoffman@enron.com, amanda.adams@enron.com, bryan.sandoval@enron.com, briana.webb@enron.com, brian.clark@enron.com, robert.anderso

Subject:Training on March 7th

Cc:miller.williams@enron.com, matthew.ellis@enron.com,melissa.simmons@enron.com, murray.o'neil@enron.com, lawrence.harmon@enron.com, amanda.wright@enron.com, shane.gutierrez@enron.com, rebecca.jones@enron.com, betty.case@enron.com, benjamin.preston@lbl.gov

Bcc:miller.williams@enron.com, matthew.ellis@enron.com,melissa.simmons@enron.com, murray.o'neil@enron.com, lawrence.harmon@enron.com, amanda.wright@enron.com, shane.gutierrez@enron.com, rebecca.jones@enron.com, betty.case@enron.com, benjamin.preston@lbl.gov

Date:Thu, 1 Mar 2001 03:12:00 -0800 (PST)

The people on the "To" list have been selected to attend an "Energy Math" training session which will be held on March 7th from 9 AM to 5 PM in the

River Room at Two World Trade Center. Rebecca Jones will provide you with a course outline and background reading (helpful but not mandatory) by Monday morning. We want to have 15 people attend this course. I realize that this is short notice, so if you can't attend please let me know ASAP so that I can find a replacement.

I have been working with Luis Colon, who will be teaching the course, over the last couple of months to tailor a training session that will meet the needs of people who work on this floor. The goal is to provide a comprehensive overview of computations and analytical tools that are the foundation of analyzing energy problems. The course is loosely based on a graduate level course offered at Berkeley (which Luis has taught and several people on the floor have taken) and on a book that Luis Colon recently published.

This is the first time that this course, in its current form, is being offered. As a result, it should be viewed as a work in progress. Taylor

Williams and I would like every person in this office to have the opportunity to take this course between now and the end of the year. We have selected a cross-section of people for this first session. Some people have a lot of experience doing analysis while others have little training in this area.

Some have been working in the energy industry for several years while others are new to the business. We are hoping that the course will be helpful to people with different backgrounds. Each participant in the class is not only responsible for learning as much as you can, but is also required to give constructive feedback to Luis Colon and to us on how to make the course better. You will have both formal and informal opportunities to provide feedback. This feedback is part of the program. If you aren't willing or don't feel that you have the time to take this one-day course and provide us with thoughtful, constructive suggestions on how to improve the course for the next time please let me know and your name will be removed from the list for this session.

Based on the feedback from this course, we will make modifications before the next course is offered in a month or so. With your help, we will be able to improve the training for the people who come after you. Thanks in advance for your help with this, and I hope that you find this training to be helpful.

Matthew Weaver

